Welcome to this guided project about how to deploy a web
application in amazon elastic kubernetes services.
My name is roger in the U B. R structure for this project.
I'm a very happy to have you here, containers are one of the
most used technologies nowadays for cloudy.
Native application development and distribution.
In this context, containers can be deployed in a village
of architecture environments and technologies.
One of the most common approach to deploy applications
in container in an enterprise environment is using kubernetes.
Kubernetes is a continued orchestrator with a lot of features
to deploy and manage thousands of containers in a faux
tolerance.
In high scalability environment.
Like an open source project, Kubernetes is managed by Cloudy
Native Foundation and this use it for a lot of companies
and is being sold by many vendors as a managed service.
Amazon Web service has a set of management services that
provides an entirely ecosystem to create, store and deploy
containers in cuba niches.
The main services is elastic kubernetes services, which is
a kubernetes offer as a services in this project,
you're learning how to clone a web application project, build
a doctor container image uploaded to AWS and deployed
into elastic kubernetes servicing I am Azure, AWS and google
cloud search fired and cloud specialist working with a lot
of companies to help them to best use cloud services.
I'm excited to teach you how to take advantage of AWS E K S.
In this scenario for this project you need when AWS account,
the service is demonstrated in this project can generate
some costs.
So it's important to clean up the environment
after completing the project to avoid further costs.
In this first task, let's see our project architecture
and understand the main elements.
Were you creating the next test in this diagram?
We see the main elements we will create in AWS.
Some elements will be created for us and some by AWS based
on the choosing configuration on the bottom, we can see
you have a container image for our application.
We will build the image and push it to elastic container has
history which will be our depository for our image.
Later we will use this image started in Alaska container
history for deployment in our kubernetes cluster.
We'll also create a kubernetes cluster with one node group.
This note group, you have at least two over to our machines
and you'll be able to have thousands of pods in this nobody
group. How elastic kubernetes services is.
A managed services will also create for us.
Other elements in the VPc networking where the virtual
machines will be deployed like the load balancer to support
the end user in grass and other configurations.
You see our elements step by step in our project.
Yeah. Okay, great job on completing this task in this task,
we understood how the elements you have and you create in AWS
to support our project.
The next task.
You set our permissions needed for our project in AWS console.
See you there.